hey there everybody how's it going hope
you're having absolutely fantastic time
thanks for tuning in on a youtube of
course my name is nightshade and up at
the top right hand corner here on
habitation station ladies and gentlemen
is none other than IBD gaming's ruff and
he's ghost hands full today because up
at the top left-hand corner of the map
by viewer request if you're wondering
reaction I'm casting this live as well
but up in the top left hand corner
ladies and gentlemen formerly from Evil
Geniuses now currently team lists and I
think he's actually happier that way
he's got some sponsors and such lined up
ladies and gentlemen is none other than
the grack in it is a'dreea so this ought
to be pretty good TV Z both grandmasters
ruff obviously quite quite good it's
been around the block a couple times
unorthodox strategies lots of fun
interesting tactics
Edra bad mannered mannered person of his
own platon he's played in the GSL he's
played in korea he's really freaking
good yeah it's got a good attitude bad
at to whatever you want to call I met
him in person he's actually a really
nice guy
check him out but yeah what can we
expect at him not sure Overlord is gonna
head on over here this is the correct
scouting procedure if you're gonna plan
on throwing down the hatch fairly soon
drone is gonna head on out towards the
third Edgar are you gonna go hatch first
oh no he's just gonna Scout I know what
he's doing okay so he's doing the usual
Scouts for roughs kind of rough likes to
do a lot of proxy stuff especially in
the early game so he's just doing the
usual scams check to see whether or not
ruff is gonna take any of those little
crazy squats that he likes to do now an
overlord is gonna scout all the way on
over here towards rough space so we'll
see where this is gonna wind up he has
taken himself a gasp of course he is
gonna expand on out this is fairly
normal for him so what we can expect is
a factory would be supply depot then a
factory than a reactor on the barracks
likely judging yeah it's gonna be that
build order so that's what's gonna
switch up man it's pretty close window
actually how this works out you'll watch
the timings on it's really fun to watch
like he can bang this thing
really really quickly but he uses the
factory as well as the barracks to shut
down any kind of Scouts nearly game but
also gives him really forward control of
as natural as well because he gives them
these huge heavy hitting structures up
front so there's the factory and we can
expect a reactor to go down on this
barracks show just a little bit we'll
come back to that in second here
HR on the other hand does have himself
let's see whether or not oh that is like
watch that's like having epilepsy and
going to strobe light convention that's
something I'm never gonna do again yeah
don't ever click on rough if you're ever
wondering
ruff-ruff changes his views really
really quickly it's one of those things
that he does that's like gonna knoweth
him like if we go to address view Edra
is going to change this is Idris camera
angle as well so he doesn't really
change much I don't think he does
alright there we go you can see he does
a lot of squirrel action and move around
and stuff like that now ruff if you ever
wondering you got one of his replays you
can't tell if it's a Smurfs account or
not what did the case maybe he's using
on his bar code he is he's really all
over the place and he what he does he
does a lot of double tapping so he'll
set up a structures but then he he hot
tabs between his units so he sets up his
keys then it'll just bounce back and
forth between the structures and stuff
like that and you can see him now he's
starting to do that and you'll go back
and then back over here and then back
over to something else you get the idea
but in the early game you can actually
watch him it's like you go from one two
three one two three one two three one
two three it drives you insane
but Edra is going to expand on out gets
it up a little bit of a stair no big
deal get shut down pretty quickly rough
without his patented you know his
shenanigans at beginning in the game not
getting a bunker down none of that stuff
now there is a couple of uh a couple
links on the map hellions are gonna say
no no you're not gonna do anything well
link speeds gonna be a little bit of
ways and did get down well got down on
time this is a really standard opening
you don't pool hatch gas nothing out of
the ordinary wouldn't be surprised if we
see a baneling nest in the feral and the
near future to try and break this down
but he knows that there are hellions on
the maps that's kind of a foolhardy
choice to do until you can control the
map sending Bane's out it's pretty much
a giveaway to those what kept an eye
peeled of course ruff is going to expand
on out here as well and yeah we'll see
where this is gonna go there's course
overloads gonna take the slow path
across the Bob
the map Queens are on the ramp
unfortunately the helens are gonna get
all the way on in there are some Ling's
with speed here to try and handle this
but there are four hellions now want to
stand corrected three hellions Queens
doing a lot of damage here but
unfortunately off creep they're not
gonna be able to catch on up links are
trying to corner these units here going
to not be able to do that Holland's are
gonna kill off a good number of them but
unfortunately losing two in the process
here one more Hellion it looks like it's
about to fall no it does survive and now
starting to work away on the workers
here as they're trying to get on through
one more howleen is gonna fall just
living the one left now lots of good
scouting information was obtained in and
that attack there and so and it's gonna
get followed up there's gonna be a widow
Mons heading on over here maybe see even
catch yourself a drone if it tries to
expand likewise with over here this is a
very wise decision of the seven minute
mark be sending out two widow minds
this is going to limit expansions by a
great deal but also will force it rose
switch over to layer tech he wants to
try to get some detection out in order
to be able to expand on down to those
queens are gonna be parked onto the map
here as well so again edger not playing
poorly at all he's actually been able to
manage this very very well workers lost
he's only lost three so far in this game
which is a bit of a great thing for ruff
because right now worker supply about
thirty to thirty eight to twenty nine in
the favor of a dredger is gonna grab a
spire which is located in its natural
just as you saw there rough on the other
side of the coin what do we got bunker
up front like it
alright barracks love that factory
Buddha mines even better overlord free
food just saying it's dead it'll just be
dead very soon you just wait for the
Marines to walk on over killer oh he has
memory he's not gonna pull them to the
bunker I stand corrected you're not free
food you might actually survive just
saying factory again going down so it's
gonna be a mech base play mech versus
ooh alright here we go
so a lot of things are going to get rekt
and yep just like the same widow mind
gets a lot of shots off but the big one
is is that the command center has gone
down here so ruff has taken his third
Adrian will not be able to do the same
this widdle mine has not gotten a kill
yet and this one has not gonna kill yet
either centipedes in the way but this is
going to be huge for him he's actually
got the planetary fortress already up
and on it is starting to crank out scbs
as well a ship
he's not pulling worker line and stand
corrected he is pulling workers from
from elsewhere let's get that down there
there we go and I'm just going to do a
quick adjustment on the mouse here
because it's driving me absolutely
bonkers there we go and SUVs are gonna
work their way across the map as well
overlord placement pretty key it's gonna
be able to keep an eye out for drops as
we do take a look he does not know about
the turret just quite yet better not
move out but the turret is gonna find
out about these these mute is the hard
way is he can actually send it down yeah
he is gonna do that do the turrets
finish up in time he's actually
surrounding the one trying to finish it
up it just get shots off we don't mind
getting a really nice shot off onto
those uh those units they are gonna fall
Oh couple them not gonna fall one up
wait stand corrected whoa okay let's
review this really really quickly here
guys and girls this okay we don't mind
us having a kill on it and the other
drone is about to die I think on yeah so
I don't know why it'd really left this
game to be perfectly honest with you
Halligan's are gonna push their way
across the map heroes you can actually
see Ed Robles playing on after this
rather rough was playing on after this
game just to do a quick scout and see
what's going on then he leaves the game
there we go well anyway check us out
ruff at IBD gaming calm and IVD gaming
TV of course victorious Edra just taps
out and gets up don't worry bro we got
you covered and we'll see you guys next
time